Testimonial 1 - A. Olson, CEO Olson Capital Investments "I needed to create an institutional deck for a venture capital offering. The Deck Writer team proved to be exceptionally professional throughout the entire process. They have a rare ability to extract your core story and present it in a way that's both professional and compelling – exactly what investors want to see."
Testimonial 2 - Ross T., Director, Product Marketing Inktank (acquired by RedHat for $175M) "Top-quality, investor and sales presentations. They established a visual language for expressing ideas, simple and complicated, within a flat and modern system."
Testimonial 3 - Robert C., Co-Founder/COO BRiX Real Estate (+$6M in Seed Funding) "Your attention to detail, creativity, and knowledge of the industry were evident throughout the entire process. We were particularly impressed with your ability to work quickly while maintaining such a high level of quality."
Testimonial 4 - Trey C., Vice President NDC Outdoor Legacy "Truly grateful for the team at Pitch Deck Writer. They produced an amazing pitch deck for our not-for-profit Veterans' organization. With the product Pitch Deck Writer provided we will able to effortlessly express our charity's goals and how to get involved."
Testimonial 5 - Christopher B., Managing Partner DF Capital Management, LLC "An outstanding pitch book for our new Fund. We simply explained our goals and the details of the strategy, and Pitch Deck Writer effectively translated this information to the narrative and design. Exactly the 'feel' we were looking for on the first cut."
Testimonial 6 - Graeme B., CEO nooQ Software "Pitch Deck Writer surpassed my expectations. Feedback from a VC investor was it was the best startup deck he has ever seen."
Testimonial 7 - Ross T., Director, Product Marketing Inktank (acquired by RedHat for $175M) "Top-quality, investor and sales presentations. They established a visual language for expressing ideas, simple and complicated, within a flat and modern system."
Testimonial 8 - Alan B., Co-Founder and CEO Nuclein Biotech (Series C round) "An impressive investor presentation that generated a steady stream of compliments from investors, leading to a successful fundraising outcome."